build: release 0.10.3 (#868)
lightdash/lightdash: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## [0.10.3] - 2021-11-22
### Added

> - Dashboard now have a view and edit mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dashboards now have a distinct view and edit mode
```

> - New dashboard tiles types ( markdown and loom ) available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now add text and images to your dashboards using markdown tiles
- You can now add loom videos to your dashboards using loom tiles
```
